Add rgw_enable_apis option to ObjectStore CRD (#15064)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/object-storage.md

For more information on multisite please read the [ceph multisite overview](ceph-object-multisite.md) for how to run it.

## Object Multi-instance

> This section describes how to configure multiple `CephObjecStore` backed by the same storage pools.

Reviewer: There are multiple places where the `t` is missing in the CR name, not just this one
```suggestion
This section describes how to configure multiple `CephObjectStore` backed by the same storage pools.
```

The setup allows using different configuration parameters for each `CephObjecStore`, like:

- `hosting` and `gateway` configs to host object store APIs on different ports and domains. For example, having a independently-scalable deployments for internal and external traffic.

> - `protocols` to host `S3`, `Swift`, and `Admin-ops` APIs on a separate `CephObjecStore`-s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `protocols` to host `S3`, `Swift`, and `Admin-ops` APIs on a separate `CephObjectStores`.
```
